You will be going home or to a new assignment.
We want you to know that you will be missed.
It was good for the Bethel family to have you with us.
It was a blessing from Jehovah.
Like a pregnant woman, your bellies are swell to the limit.
All the signs tell you that a baby is about to be born.
You're rushed to see the doctor.
He examines you, and you ask,
when?
He says any day now.
Your minds and hearts are about to burst with spiritual things
to deliver to others.
Yes, this is a day for delivering.
Your spirituality is contagious.
When you walk into a room, you bring sunshine with you.
Notice what Jesus said to some of His followers.
Matthew 5, 14-16,
you are the light of the world.
The city cannot be hid when located on a mountain.
People light a lamp and set it not under a basket,
but on the lamp stand and it shines on all those in the house.
Likewise, let your light shine before men,
so that they may see your fine works and give glory
to your father who is in the heavens.
First of all, your spiritual brothers and sisters
are in the house with you.
Shine on them, but don't limit it to them.
We want others to see the light.
For the past five months,
you have been studying the personality of Jehovah
and talking to Him by means of prayer.
While it's true,
humans cannot see the literal person, Jehovah.
For Jehovah God to set down a description of Himself
in spirit terms would be like trying to explain colors
to a person born blind.
You have been asking for Him
to help you in your studies,
and He has helped you.
Without His help, you would not be graduating.
Now you're ready as never before
to let your light shine on your fleshly family members,
your Bible students,
and your spiritual brothers and sisters.
But don't make it so bright and intense
that you put out the eyes of those around you.
Turn the wick down in your lamp.
There is no need to say every time.
We were taught this in Gilead.
We were taught this in one of our Gilead classes.
A member of the governing body called this
to our attention in a lecture he gave.
You knew some things before you come to Gilead.
You knew God's name is Jehovah
and that it is unique,
meaning the only one of its kind.
My name is Sam.
Samuel or Sammy.
It is not unique.
There are many others with the same name.
I was named after my father's brother, Uncle Sam.
Did you get that?
Uncle Sam.
I did not name myself.
A baby doesn't say when eight months in his mother's womb.
Mommy, when I get out, call me Sammy.
God Almighty chose His name Jehovah.
He named Himself.
That is different.
That is unique.
You Gilead students soon to be Gilead graduates.
No Jehovah, but not completely.
Not the whole person, just the fringe.
Compare what you see to an ornamental edging
of hanging threads of a garment.
You don't see the whole garment.
Romans 11, 33 to 36 says,
all the depth of God's riches and wisdom and knowledge.
How unsearchable His judgments are
and beyond treason out His ways are.
For who has come to know Jehovah's mind
or who has become His advisor
or who has first given to Him
so that it must be repaid to Him?
Because from Him and by Him and for Him
are all things.
To Him be the glory forever.
Amen.
Jehovah 36, 26, tells us,
yes, God is greater than we can know.
The number of His years is beyond comprehension.
No matter how much knowledge we have accumulated
in our brain, it amounts to a grain of sand
on a seashore when we live forever.
Forever, that is an interesting word.
It is defined as never ending.
Incessantly ceaseless.
That's enough to blow an imperfect man's mind away.
But not Jehovah's mind.
And He promises obedient humans ever lasting,
never ending life.
I'm going to read a scripture to you
without revealing where it is found in the Bible.
It is one of the first that captured my attention
back in 1956.
Now, that was before any of you were born.
With that, I heard a loud voice from the Sronesee.
Look, the tet of God is with mankind.
And He will reside with them.
And they will be His people.
And God Himself will be with them.
And He will wipe out every tear from their eyes.
And death will be no more.
Neither were morning nor outcry nor pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.
Where in the Bible?
Revelation 21, 3 and 4.
I knew you would know that one.
We're limited to how much knowledge our brains
can understand and sort out correctly.
Yes, one day we will know much more
than we know today.
But we will not know it all.
That's good.
You will never be a know it all.
Now is the time to let your light shine.
Our work at the present is to inform people
that the kingdom of God, a heaven of government,
is the only remedy to the woes of mankind
that is causing so much suffering and death.
Inform people of the kingdom.
But don't blind them with your bright light
of knowledge learned at Gilead.
A little light will be enough
for them to see where to go.
When I was in the army in Germany years ago,
I drove a truck with five men inside
and M-101, howitzer artillery gun,
attached to the rear of the truck.
We traveled during a pitch dark night
with no lights used.
We could only see the tail light of the vehicle in front.
That was enough light to follow.
Keep in mind, there may not be enough time left
for your students and new brothers and sisters
to learn all that you know.
Feed them not a heavy meal of steak and baked potatoes
but an appetizer to stimulate the juices in the mouth.
Any day now, nations will cause the peoples
who are looking to them for guidance
to think they have finally established peace.
The need for peace is already being talked about
by national leaders.
We're not fooled by this sham cry of peace and security.
First, Cecilonian 5.3 says,
whenever it is that they are saying peace and security,
then sudden destruction is to be instantly on them.
Just like birth pains on a pregnant woman
and they will, by no means, escape.
Jehovah will have the political powers of this world turn
against Babylon the Great.
That's false religion.
After they see the handwriting on the wall for her
and destroy her, sudden destruction.
Instantly, it won't take long.
Her supporters will cry out weeping and mourning
and say, too bad, too bad.
But we will be thinking, I'm glad, I'm glad.
Revelation 18, 20 says,
be glad over her.
Oh heaven, also you holy ones and apostles and prophets
because God has pronounced His judgment on her in your behalf.
Are you ready?
Are you ready to be glad over her destruction?
I think you are.
But I can't make that determination.
We will know if we were ready as Jehovah protects us
when the nations turned their guns on us.
Now is the time for us to continue
strengthening our faith and trust in Jehovah's love for us.
Study, meditate, associate, and preach the kingdom.
Young David, when facing Goliath,
had five smooth stones in his pouch,
pouch of his shepherd's bag.
He only used one.
But he was prepared in case he needed more.
When we read the Bible and meditate on it,
our figurative heart absorbs God's Word,
like putting symbolic stones in our figurative heart.
This gives us the inner strength we need
to preach the kingdom message now
and to proclaim the hard-hitting judgment message
that we may deliver in the near future.
The day for salvation will be clothed any day now.
When Noah had gathered all the creatures
that Jehovah had designated along with all necessary food
needed for all in the ark, they went into the ark.
Note it was Jehovah that closed the door, not Noah.
Genesis 7 and 16 says,
so they went in male and female of every sort of flesh
just as God had commanded him.
After that, Jehovah shut the door behind him.
We don't take it upon ourselves to close the door to salvation.
Jehovah shuts the door
and we can't push it open to let mom or anyone else in.
You, Gileadites, are professional preachers and teachers.
You have received training that not many of your brothers
and sisters will have the privilege to receive
this side of Armageddon.
Yes, without a doubt, you are wiser now than you used to be,
but not as wise as Jesus was when He said,
what I teach is not mine,
but belongs to Him who sent me, John 7, 16.
We believe Jehovah sent you to Gilead.
Keep foremost in mind that what you teach
belongs to Jehovah and conduct yourselves
in a manner that displays that.
Let your light shine not too bright,
just a flicker as needed before night falls.
Any day now.